
Associations of semaglutide with alcohol use disorder in real-world populations: a nationwide multicenter retrospective cohort study in the US=============================================================

This folder contains the data and R code for generating the forestplot analytics graphs used in published paper.
To generate the graph, load selected R code in RStudio and run the R code to generate PDF graphs.



Description
----------
**Figure 1a.**  Comparison of 12-month risk of incident AUD diagnosis in patients with obesity who had no prior history of AUD between propensity-score matched semaglutide and non-GLP-1RA anti-obesity medications cohorts, stratified by gender, age group, race, and diagnosis of T2DM.  Patients were followed for 12 months after the index event (first prescription of semaglutide, non-GLP-1 RA anti-obesity medications, or naltrexone/topiramate during 6/2021-12/2022). Hazard rates were calculated using Kaplan-Meier analysis to estimate the probability of outcome at daily time intervals with censoring applied. Overall risk = number of patients with outcomes during the 12-month time window/number of patients in the cohort at the beginning of the time window.

**Figure 1b.**  Comparison of 12-month risk of incident AUD diagnosis in patients with obesity who had no prior history of AUD between propensity-score matched semaglutide and naltrexone/topiramate cohorts, stratified by gender, age group, race, and the diagnosis of T2DM. Patients were followed for 12 months after the index event (first prescription of semaglutide, non-GLP-1 RA anti-obesity medications, or naltrexone/topiramate during 6/2021-12/2022). Hazard rates were calculated using Kaplan-Meier analysis to estimate the probability of outcome at daily time intervals with censoring applied. Overall risk = number of patients with outcomes during the 12-month time window/number of patients in the cohort at the beginning of the time window.

**Figure 2a.** Comparison of 12-month risk of incident AUD diagnosis in patients with obesity who had a prior history of AUD between propensity-score matched semaglutide and non-GLP-1RA anti-obesity medications cohorts, stratified by gender, age group, race, and the status of T2DM. Patients were followed for 12 months after the index event (first prescription of semaglutide, non-GLP-1 RA anti-obesity medications, or naltrexone/topiramate during 6/2021-12/2022). Hazard rates were calculated using Kaplan-Meier analysis to estimate the probability of outcome at daily time intervals with censoring applied. Overall risk = number of patients with outcomes during the 12-month time window/number of patients in the cohort at the beginning of the time window.

**Figure 2b.** Comparison of 12-month risk of recurrent AUD diagnosis in patients with obesity who had a prior history of AUD between propensity-score matched semaglutide and naltrexone/topiramate cohorts, stratified by gender, age group, race, and diagnosis of T2DM. Patients were followed for 12 months after the index event (first prescription of semaglutide, non-GLP-1 RA anti-obesity medications, or naltrexone/topiramate during 6/2021-12/2022). Hazard rates were calculated using Kaplan-Meier analysis to estimate the probability of outcome at daily time intervals with censoring applied. Overall risk = number of patients with outcomes during the 12-month time window/number of patients in the cohort at the beginning of the time window.

**Figure 3a.** Comparison of 12-month risk of incident AUD diagnosis in patients with T2DM and no prior history of AUD between propensity-score matched semaglutide and non-GLP-1RA anti-diabetes medications cohorts, stratified by gender, age group, race, and the diagnosis of obesity. Patients were followed for 12 months, 2-year and 3-year after the index event (first prescription of semaglutide, non-GLP-1 RA anti-diabetes medications in 12/2017-5/2021).

**Figure 3b.** Comparison of 12-month risk of recurrent AUD diagnosis in patients with T2DM and a prior history of AUD between propensity-score matched semaglutide and non-GLP-1RA anti-diabetes medications cohorts, stratified by gender, age group, race, and the diagnosis of obesity.  Patients were followed for 12 months, 2-year and 3-year after the index event (first prescription of semaglutide, non-GLP-1 RA anti-diabetes medications in 12/2017-5/2021).

**Figure 3c.** Comparison of longer-term risks of incident and recurrent AUD diagnosis in patients with T2DM and no prior history of AUD between propensity-score matched semaglutide and non-GLP-1RA anti-diabetes medications cohorts. Patients were followed for 12 months, 2-year and 3-year after the index event (first prescription of semaglutide, non-GLP-1 RA anti-diabetes medications in 12/2017-5/2021).
